README.md, before:

# WeRateDogs tweets analysis

## Introduction

[WeRateDogs](https://twitter.com/dog_rates) is a Twitter account dedicated to rating dogs in a humorous way. Each tweet contains a caption introducing the dog and is accompanied by a photo or a video. The last line of the tweet usually contains the rating of the dog, where the denominator is normally 10, while the numerator is almost always greater than 10. Why? Because "[they're good dogs Brent](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/theyre-good-dogs-brent)".

It was started in November, 2015 and has grown to more than 7.5 million followers over the past 3 years (as per January, 2019). In this project, we will focus on the tweets for the period betweeen November, 2015 and July, 2017. 

## Questions

We will analyze various trends and patterns, such as:

- Evolution of the account in terms of amout of tweets, retweets and likes per tweet
- Rating distribution and evolution over time
- Ratings, retweets and likes by dog breed
- Most liked and retweeted dogs


## Most Liked Doggo

*Here's a super supportive puppo participating in the Toronto  #WomensMarch today. 13/10 https://t.co/nTz3FtorBc*

![most_liked](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C2tugXLXgAArJO4.jpg)

Commit message:

Improved README file by adding the repository structure

README.md, after:

# WeRateDogs tweets analysis

## Introduction

[WeRateDogs](https://twitter.com/dog_rates) is a Twitter account dedicated to rating dogs in a humorous way. Each tweet contains a caption introducing the dog and is accompanied by a photo or a video. The last line of the tweet usually contains the rating of the dog, where the denominator is normally 10, while the numerator is almost always greater than 10. Why? Because "[they're good dogs Brent](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/theyre-good-dogs-brent)".

It was started in November, 2015 and has grown to more than 7.5 million followers over the past 3 years (as per January, 2019). In this project, we will focus on the tweets for the period betweeen November, 2015 and July, 2017. 

## Questions

First step of the project is to wrangle the messy data obtained from multiple sources.
After the cleaning is performed, various trends and patterns will be analyzed, such as:

- Evolution of the account in terms of amout of tweets, retweets and likes per tweet
- Rating distribution and evolution over time
- Ratings, retweets and likes by dog breed
- Most liked and retweeted dogs

## Repository Structure

**Input Files**:

- twitter-archive-enhanced-2.csv
- tweet-json.txt
- image-predictions.tsv

**Output Files (after data wrangling)**:

- twitter_archive_master.csv
- tweets_archive.csv
- dogs_archive.csv

**Data Wrangling and Analysis Code**:

- wrangle_act.ipynb

**Final Reports**:

- wrangle_report.html: describes the wrangling process steps
- act_report.html: presents the main insights obtained from the analysis of cleaned data


## Most Liked Doggo

*Here's a super supportive puppo participating in the Toronto  #WomensMarch today. 13/10 https://t.co/nTz3FtorBc*

![most_liked](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C2tugXLXgAArJO4.jpg)
